## Approach
1. Come up with different procedures and discuss with Prof. Meshkati
2. Check in the database if we have different accounts/reports about the same incident
3. Event extraction techniques - work on narrative for text extraction. Our case - events and states of parties involved. Take out facts in a chronological manner. Play by play. 
4. What was supposed to happen ideally and what did happen in the situation.
5. Keep a base assumption that the data narrative that we have is as close to the truth as possible.
6. Use of sentiment analysis for narrative.

## Baseline system: (IMP)
* 1 week
* An initial instant short brief model of the large project.

## Cause of increase in number of reports:
* Increase in number of flights - increase in air traffic
* Increase in pressure to report more incidents

## Goals:
1. Understand the ins and outs of the dataset
2. Data assessment document
3. Get a list of which fields can take what entries
4. Is it organized and limited number of values
5. Know what the data has and what we can actually figure out using it
6. Get some numbers and figures on each feature
7. Understand and explain the data challenges
8. Objective is not very clearly defined
9. Articulate an initial problem statement/recruitment document based on our dataset
10. Maybe look at additional external data sources
11. Understand and elaborate on all features
12. If something is missing that should ideally be present, make a note. It can be added to the system as a formal suggestion. (Potential extra result of the project)

## End Result Expectations:
* Finding reasons and conditions that lead to incursions

## Tasks:
* Get report of previous work report from Ulf
* Add everyone to the GitHub repository.
