## Copy of Zoom Chat from the Meeting
22:08:37 From Chahita Verma To Everyone:  
	Other data  
22:09:31 From Chahita Verma To Everyone:  
	FAA classification of runway incursion should be same as ours  
22:12:56 From Chahita Verma To Everyone:  
	Ask Daniel about ASRS report and consistency between what they did and what reports we are generating  
22:14:08 From Chahita Verma To Everyone:  
	Sub categorization on human factor data  
22:17:37 From Chahita Verma To Everyone:  
	Do we want to replicate what that report did?  
22:20:33 From Chahita Verma To Everyone:  
	Interactive dashboard for data.. to visualize in better way  
22:23:11 From Chahita Verma To Everyone:  
	We want data on GitHub and mail Prof Ulf. So that he can see the data. And then ask him our questions of how to proceed on data.  
22:24:40 From Chahita Verma To Everyone:  
	Put python scripts on github  
22:24:49 From Chahita Verma To Everyone:  
	Of EDA  
22:27:30 From Chahita Verma To Everyone:  
	Write objective points of what we can achieve  
22:32:11 From Mino Cha To Everyone:  
	guys sorry im late forgot about the meeting  
22:32:24 From Chahita Verma To Everyone:  
	1. ASRS/ FAA report. Understand it and then check how different it is from our output and what we can do to make it the same.  
	2. We want data on GitHub and mail Prof Ulf. So that he can see the data. And set up objective and issues. Put python scripts on github of EDA  
	3. Objective :   
	a. What other data regarding aviation is available?  
	b. Sub categorization on human factor data  
	c. Do we want to replicate what that report did?  
	d. Interactive dashboard for data.. to visualize in better way  
22:32:24 From Abhinav Gupta To Everyone:  
	Its okay  
22:33:28 From Abhinav Gupta To Everyone:  
	ASRS/NTSB not FAA  
22:35:52 From Chahita Verma To Everyone:  
	Reacted to "ASRS/NTSB not FAA" with 👍  
22:46:18 From Chahita Verma To Everyone:  
	NLP : Chahita  
22:47:48 From Chahita Verma To Everyone:  
	Concurrent human factors:  
	Contributing factors:  
	Top 20 Airports by year:  
	Top 15 concurrent anomalies:  
	Bar graphs on ASRS intake and runway incursion:  
22:48:32 From Chahita Verma To Everyone:  
	Concurrent human factors:  
	Contributing factors:  
	Top 20 Airports by year:  
	Top 15 concurrent anomalies:  
	Bar graphs on ASRS intake and runway incursion:  
	Runway incursion reported:  
22:48:57 From Abhinav Gupta To Everyone:  
	https://github.com/ckids-datafirst/2023-fall-aviation-safety/blob/main/content/approach/todo.md  
22:57:10 From Abhinav Gupta To Everyone:  
	Any occurrence at an aerodrome involving the incorrect presence of an aircraft, vehicle or person on the protected area of a surface designated for the landing and take off of aircraft.
